refactor: change repeated description for agreements (#1101)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/agreements/tos/10-november-2016/2021-01-14-index.mdx

---

> title: Terms of Service - 10/11/2023

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Terms of Service - November 10, 2020
```

Reviewer: according to the permalink

> description: Access the terms of service for all Azion products - 10/11/2023.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Access the terms of service for all Azion products - November 10, 2020
```
